c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\GamePage.g.i.cs
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\GamePage.g.cs
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\GamePage.xaml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\GamePage.xbf
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\VectorShooter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\GamePage.xbf
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\VectorShooter.xr.xml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\VectorShooter.exe
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\VectorShooter.pdb
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\VectorShooter.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\FarSeerPort81.dll
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\FarSeerPort81.pdb
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\FarSeerPort81.pri
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.pdb
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.pri
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\VectorShooter.exe
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\VectorShooter.pdb
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\SharpDX\en-us\SharpDX.Properties.Resources.resw
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\VectorShooter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\SharpDX.pri
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\SharpDX\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\SharpDX\layout.resfiles
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\SharpDX\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\SharpDX\Resources.resfiles
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\SharpDX\Resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\SharpDX\pri.resfiles
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\SharpDX\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\SharpDX\priconfig.xml
c:\users\louis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VectorShooter\VectorShooter\obj\x86\Debug\SharpDX\priconfig.xml.intermediate
